'\" @OSF_COPYRIGHT@
'\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
'\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
'\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (DCE).  See the file named COPYRIGHT.DCE for
'\" the full copyright text.
'\" 
'\" HISTORY
'\" $Log: AppInit.3,v $
'\" Revision 1.1.6.2  1996/03/09  23:07:23  marty
'\" 	Update OSF copyright year
'\" 	[1996/03/09  22:26:04  marty]
'\"
'\" Revision 1.1.6.1  1995/12/08  21:29:13  root
'\" 	Submit OSF/DCE 1.2.1
'\" 	[1995/12/08  18:01:04  root]
'\" 
'\" Revision 1.1.4.2  1994/06/10  20:55:14  devsrc
'\" 	cr10872- fix copyright
'\" 	[1994/06/10  16:21:39  devsrc]
'\" 
'\" Revision 1.1.4.1  1994/06/08  15:43:57  rousseau
'\" 	Change comment leaders and headers.
'\" 	[1994/06/08  15:40:52  rousseau]
'\" 
'\" $EndLog$
'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1993 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /u0/rcs_trees/dce/rcs/admin/tcl7.3/doc/AppInit.3,v 1.1.6.2 1996/03/09 23:07:23 marty Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tcl_AppInit tclc 7.0
.BS
.SH NAME
Tcl_AppInit \- Perform application-specific initialization
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tcl.h>\fR
.sp
\fBTcl_AppInit\fR(\fIinterp\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tcl_Interp *interp
.AP Tcl_Interp *interp in
Interpreter for the application.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTcl_AppInit\fR is a procedure that is invoked by the main programs
for Tcl applications such as \fBtclsh\fR and \fBwish\fR.
Its purpose is to allow new Tcl applications to be created without
modifying existing main programs such as those for \fBtclsh\fR
and \fBwish\fR.
To create a new application simply write a new version of
\fBTcl_AppInit\fR to replace the default version provided by Tcl,
then link your new \fBTcl_AppInit\fR with the Tcl library, which
contains the main program from \fBtclsh\fR (be sure to specify the
switch ``\fB\-u _main\fR'' to the linker to force it to use the
version of \fBmain\fR from the Tcl library).
.PP
\fBTcl_AppInit\fR is invoked after other initialization in
\fBmain\fR and before entering the main loop to process commands.
Here are some examples of things that \fBTcl_AppInit\fR might do:
.IP [1]
Call initialization procedures for various packages used by
the application.
Each initialization procedure adds new commands to \fIinterp\fR
for its package and performs other package-specific initialization.
.IP [2]
Process command-line arguments, which can be accessed from the
Tcl variables \fBargv\fR and \fBargv0\fR in \fIinterp\fR.
.IP [3]
Invoke a startup script to initialize the application.

.SH KEYWORDS
application, argument, command, initialization, interpreter
