'\" @OSF_COPYRIGHT@
'\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
'\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
'\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (DCE).  See the file named COPYRIGHT.DCE for
'\" the full copyright text.
'\" 
'\" 
'\" HISTORY
'\" $Log: Backslash.3,v $
'\" Revision 1.1.6.2  1996/03/09  23:07:25  marty
'\" 	Update OSF copyright year
'\" 	[1996/03/09  22:26:06  marty]
'\"
'\" Revision 1.1.6.1  1995/12/08  21:29:17  root
'\" 	Submit OSF/DCE 1.2.1
'\" 	[1995/12/08  18:01:07  root]
'\" 
'\" Revision 1.1.4.2  1994/06/10  20:55:16  devsrc
'\" 	cr10872- fix copyright
'\" 	[1994/06/10  16:21:42  devsrc]
'\" 
'\" Revision 1.1.4.1  1994/06/08  15:44:01  rousseau
'\" 	Change comment leaders and headers.
'\" 	[1994/06/08  15:40:55  rousseau]
'\" 
'\" $EndLog$
'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1989-1993 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /u0/rcs_trees/dce/rcs/admin/tcl7.3/doc/Backslash.3,v 1.1.6.2 1996/03/09 23:07:25 marty Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tcl_Backslash tclc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tcl_Backslash \- parse a backslash sequence
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tcl.h>\fR
.sp
char
\fBTcl_Backslash\fR(\fIsrc, countPtr\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS char *countPtr
.AP char *src in
Pointer to a string starting with a backslash.
.AP int *countPtr out
If \fIcountPtr\fR isn't NULL, \fI*countPtr\fR gets filled
in with number of characters in the backslash sequence, including
the backslash character.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This is a utility procedure used by several of the Tcl
commands.  It parses a backslash sequence and returns
the single character corresponding to the sequence.
\fBTcl_Backslash\fR modifies \fI*countPtr\fR to contain the number
of characters in the backslash sequence.
.PP
See the Tcl manual entry for information on the valid
backslash sequences.
All of the sequences described in the Tcl
manual entry are supported by \fBTcl_Backslash\fR.

.SH KEYWORDS
backslash, parse
