'\" @OSF_COPYRIGHT@
'\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
'\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
'\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (DCE).  See the file named COPYRIGHT.DCE for
'\" the full copyright text.
'\" 
'\" 
'\" HISTORY
'\" $Log: Concat.3,v $
'\" Revision 1.1.6.2  1996/03/09  23:07:28  marty
'\" 	Update OSF copyright year
'\" 	[1996/03/09  22:26:08  marty]
'\"
'\" Revision 1.1.6.1  1995/12/08  21:29:23  root
'\" 	Submit OSF/DCE 1.2.1
'\" 	[1995/12/08  18:01:13  root]
'\" 
'\" Revision 1.1.4.2  1994/06/10  20:55:20  devsrc
'\" 	cr10872- fix copyright
'\" 	[1994/06/10  16:21:44  devsrc]
'\" 
'\" Revision 1.1.4.1  1994/06/08  15:44:07  rousseau
'\" 	Change comment leaders and headers.
'\" 	[1994/06/08  15:40:57  rousseau]
'\" 
'\" $EndLog$
'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1989-1993 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /u0/rcs_trees/dce/rcs/admin/tcl7.3/doc/Concat.3,v 1.1.6.2 1996/03/09 23:07:28 marty Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tcl_Concat tclc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tcl_Concat \- concatenate a collection of strings
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tcl.h>\fR
.sp
char *
\fBTcl_Concat\fR(\fIargc, argv\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AP int argc in
Number of strings.
.AP char *argv[] in
Array of strings to concatenate.  Must have \fIargc\fR entries.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTcl_Concat\fR is a utility procedure used by several of the
Tcl commands.  Given a collection of strings, it concatenates
them together into a single string, with the original strings
separated by spaces.  This procedure behaves differently than
\fBTcl_Merge\fR, in that the arguments are simply concatenated:
no effort is made to ensure proper list structure.
However, in most common usage the arguments will all be proper
lists themselves;  if this is true, then the result will also have
proper list structure.
.PP
\fBTcl_Concat\fR eliminates leading and trailing white space as it
copies strings from \fBargv\fR to the result.  If an element of
\fBargv\fR consists of nothing but white space, then that string
is ignored entirely.  This white-space removal was added to make
the output of the \fBconcat\fR command cleaner-looking.
.PP
The result string is dynamically allocated
using \fBmalloc()\fR;  the caller must eventually release the space
by calling \fBfree()\fR.

.SH KEYWORDS
concatenate, strings
