'\" @OSF_COPYRIGHT@
'\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
'\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
'\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (DCE).  See the file named COPYRIGHT.DCE for
'\" the full copyright text.
'\" 
'\" 
'\" HISTORY
'\" $Log: CrtInterp.3,v $
'\" Revision 1.1.6.2  1996/03/09  23:07:30  marty
'\" 	Update OSF copyright year
'\" 	[1996/03/09  22:26:10  marty]
'\"
'\" Revision 1.1.6.1  1995/12/08  21:29:27  root
'\" 	Submit OSF/DCE 1.2.1
'\" 	[1995/12/08  18:01:16  root]
'\" 
'\" Revision 1.1.4.2  1994/06/10  20:55:50  devsrc
'\" 	cr10872- fix copyright
'\" 	[1994/06/10  16:21:46  devsrc]
'\" 
'\" Revision 1.1.4.1  1994/06/08  15:44:09  rousseau
'\" 	Change comment leaders and headers.
'\" 	[1994/06/08  15:40:59  rousseau]
'\" 
'\" $EndLog$
'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1989-1993 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /u0/rcs_trees/dce/rcs/admin/tcl7.3/doc/CrtInterp.3,v 1.1.6.2 1996/03/09 23:07:30 marty Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tcl_CreateInterp tclc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tcl_CreateInterp, Tcl_DeleteInterp \- create and delete Tcl command interpreters
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tcl.h>\fR
.sp
Tcl_Interp *
\fBTcl_CreateInterp\fR()
.sp
\fBTcl_DeleteInterp\fR(\fIinterp\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tcl_Interp *interp
.AP Tcl_Interp *interp in
Token for interpreter to be destroyed.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTcl_CreateInterp\fR creates a new interpreter structure and returns
a token for it.  The token is required in calls to most other Tcl
procedures, such as \fBTcl_CreateCommand\fR, \fBTcl_Eval\fR, and
\fBTcl_DeleteInterp\fR.
Clients are only allowed to access a few of the fields of
Tcl_Interp structures;  see the Tcl_Interp
and \fBTcl_CreateCommand\fR man pages for details.
The new interpreter is initialized with no defined variables and only
the built-in Tcl commands.  To bind in additional commands, call
\fBTcl_CreateCommand\fR.
.PP
\fBTcl_DeleteInterp\fR destroys a command interpreter and releases all of
the resources associated with it, including variables, procedures,
and application-specific command bindings.  After \fBTcl_DeleteInterp\fR
returns the caller should never again use the \fIinterp\fR token.

.SH KEYWORDS
command, create, delete, interpreter
