'\" @OSF_COPYRIGHT@
'\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
'\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
'\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (DCE).  See the file named COPYRIGHT.DCE for
'\" the full copyright text.
'\" 
'\" 
'\" HISTORY
'\" $Log: GetInt.3,v $
'\" Revision 1.1.6.2  1996/03/09  23:07:40  marty
'\" 	Update OSF copyright year
'\" 	[1996/03/09  22:26:17  marty]
'\"
'\" Revision 1.1.6.1  1995/12/08  21:29:50  root
'\" 	Submit OSF/DCE 1.2.1
'\" 	[1995/12/08  18:01:30  root]
'\" 
'\" Revision 1.1.4.2  1994/06/10  20:56:01  devsrc
'\" 	cr10872- fix copyright
'\" 	[1994/06/10  16:21:58  devsrc]
'\" 
'\" Revision 1.1.4.1  1994/06/08  15:44:20  rousseau
'\" 	Change comment leaders and headers.
'\" 	[1994/06/08  15:41:13  rousseau]
'\" 
'\" $EndLog$
'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1989-1993 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /u0/rcs_trees/dce/rcs/admin/tcl7.3/doc/GetInt.3,v 1.1.6.2 1996/03/09 23:07:40 marty Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tcl_GetInt tclc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tcl_GetInt, Tcl_GetDouble, Tcl_GetBoolean \- convert from string to integer, double, or boolean
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tcl.h>\fR
.sp
int
\fBTcl_GetInt\fR(\fIinterp, string, intPtr\fR)
.sp
int
\fBTcl_GetDouble\fR(\fIinterp, string, doublePtr\fR)
.sp
int
\fBTcl_GetBoolean\fR(\fIinterp, string, boolPtr\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tcl_Interp *doublePtr
.AP Tcl_Interp *interp in
Interpreter to use for error reporting.
.AP char *string in
Textual value to be converted.
.AP int *intPtr out
Points to place to store integer value converted from \fIstring\fR.
.AP double *doublePtr out
Points to place to store double-precision floating-point
value converted from \fIstring\fR.
.AP int *boolPtr out
Points to place to store boolean value (0 or 1) converted from \fIstring\fR.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
These procedures convert from strings to integers or double-precision
floating-point values or booleans (represented as 0- or 1-valued
integers).  Each of the procedures takes a \fIstring\fR argument,
converts it to an internal form of a particular type, and stores
the converted value at the location indicated by the procedure's
third argument.  If all goes well, each of the procedures returns
TCL_OK.  If \fIstring\fR doesn't have the proper syntax for the
desired type then TCL_ERROR is returned, an error message is left
in \fIinterp->result\fR, and nothing is stored at *\fIintPtr\fR
or *\fIdoublePtr\fR or *\fIboolPtr\fR.
.PP
\fBTcl_GetInt\fR expects \fIstring\fR to consist of a collection
of integer digits, optionally signed and optionally preceded by
white space.  If the first two characters of \fIstring\fR are ``0x''
then \fIstring\fR is expected to be in hexadecimal form;  otherwise,
if the first character of \fIstring\fR is ``0'' then \fIstring\fR
is expected to be in octal form;  otherwise, \fIstring\fR is
expected to be in decimal form.
.PP
\fBTcl_GetDouble\fR expects \fIstring\fR to consist of a floating-point
number, which is:  white space;  a sign; a sequence of digits;  a
decimal point;  a sequence of digits;  the letter ``e'';  and a
signed decimal exponent.  Any of the fields may be omitted, except that
the digits either before or after the decimal point must be present
and if the ``e'' is present then it must be followed by the
exponent number.
.PP
\fBTcl_GetBoolean\fR expects \fIstring\fR to specify a boolean
value.  If \fIstring\fR is any of \fB0\fR, \fBfalse\fR,
\fBno\fR, or \fBoff\fR, then \fBTcl_GetBoolean\fR stores a zero
value at \fI*boolPtr\fR.
If \fIstring\fR is any of \fB1\fR, \fBtrue\fR, \fByes\fR, or \fBon\fR,
then 1 is stored at \fI*boolPtr\fR.
Any of these values may be abbreviated, and upper-case spellings
are also acceptable.

.SH KEYWORDS
boolean, conversion, double, floating-point, integer
