'\" @OSF_COPYRIGHT@
'\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
'\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
'\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (DCE).  See the file named COPYRIGHT.DCE for
'\" the full copyright text.
'\" 
'\" 
'\" HISTORY
'\" $Log: PrintDbl.3,v $
'\" Revision 1.1.6.2  1996/03/09  23:07:45  marty
'\" 	Update OSF copyright year
'\" 	[1996/03/09  22:26:20  marty]
'\"
'\" Revision 1.1.6.1  1995/12/08  21:30:01  root
'\" 	Submit OSF/DCE 1.2.1
'\" 	[1995/12/08  18:01:37  root]
'\" 
'\" Revision 1.1.4.2  1994/06/10  20:56:06  devsrc
'\" 	cr10872- fix copyright
'\" 	[1994/06/10  16:22:03  devsrc]
'\" 
'\" Revision 1.1.4.1  1994/06/08  15:44:24  rousseau
'\" 	Change comment leaders and headers.
'\" 	[1994/06/08  15:41:16  rousseau]
'\" 
'\" $EndLog$
'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1989-1993 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /u0/rcs_trees/dce/rcs/admin/tcl7.3/doc/PrintDbl.3,v 1.1.6.2 1996/03/09 23:07:45 marty Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tcl_PrintDouble tclc 7.0
.BS
.SH NAME
Tcl_PrintDouble \- Convert floating value to string
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tcl.h>\fR
.sp
\fBTcl_PrintDouble\fR(\fIinterp, value, dst\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tcl_Interp *interp
.AP Tcl_Interp *interp in
Interpreter that controls the conversion.
.AP double value in
Floating-point value to be converted.
.AP char *dst out
Where to store string representing \fIvalue\fR.  Must have at
least TCL_DOUBLE_SPACE characters of storage.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTcl_PrintDouble\fR generates a string that represents the value
of \fIvalue\fR and stores it in memory at the location given by
\fIdst\fR.  It uses %g format to generate the string, with two
special twists.  First, the string is guaranteed to contain either
a ``.'' or an ``e'' so that it doesn't look like an integer (where
%g would generate an integer with no decimal point, \fBTcl_PrintDouble\fR
adds ``.0'').  Second, the number of significant digits printed at
\fIdst\fR is controlled by the \fBtcl_precision\fR variable in
\fIinterp\fR;  if \fBtcl_precision\fR is undefined then 6 significant
digits are printed.

.SH KEYWORDS
conversion, double-precision, floating-point, string
