'\" @OSF_COPYRIGHT@
'\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
'\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
'\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (DCE).  See the file named COPYRIGHT.DCE for
'\" the full copyright text.
'\" 
'\" 
'\" HISTORY
'\" $Log: RecordEval.3,v $
'\" Revision 1.1.6.2  1996/03/09  23:07:46  marty
'\" 	Update OSF copyright year
'\" 	[1996/03/09  22:26:21  marty]
'\"
'\" Revision 1.1.6.1  1995/12/08  21:30:04  root
'\" 	Submit OSF/DCE 1.2.1
'\" 	[1995/12/08  18:01:38  root]
'\" 
'\" Revision 1.1.4.2  1994/06/10  20:56:08  devsrc
'\" 	cr10872- fix copyright
'\" 	[1994/06/10  16:22:03  devsrc]
'\" 
'\" Revision 1.1.4.1  1994/06/08  15:44:25  rousseau
'\" 	Change comment leaders and headers.
'\" 	[1994/06/08  15:41:17  rousseau]
'\" 
'\" $EndLog$
'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1989-1993 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /u0/rcs_trees/dce/rcs/admin/tcl7.3/doc/RecordEval.3,v 1.1.6.2 1996/03/09 23:07:46 marty Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tcl_RecordAndEval tclc
.BS
.SH NAME
Tcl_RecordAndEval \- save command on history list before evaluating
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tcl.h>\fR
.sp
int
\fBTcl_RecordAndEval\fR(\fIinterp, cmd, eval\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tcl_Interp *interp;
.AP Tcl_Interp *interp in
Tcl interpreter in which to evaluate command.
.AP char *cmd in
Command (or sequence of commands) to execute.
.AP int eval in
0 means evaluate \fIcmd\fR, TCL_NO_EVAL means record it but don't
evaluate it.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTcl_RecordAndEval\fR is invoked to record a command as an event
on the history list and then execute it.
It returns a completion code such as TCL_OK just like \fBTcl_Eval\fR
and it leaves information in \fIinterp->result\fR.
If you don't want the command recorded on the history list then
you should invoke \fBTcl_Eval\fR instead of \fBTcl_RecordAndEval\fR.
Normally \fBTcl_RecordAndEval\fR is only called with top-level
commands typed by the user, since the purpose of history is to
allow the user to re-issue recently-invoked commands.
If the \fIeval\fR argument is TCL_NO_EVAL then the command is
recorded without being evaluated.

.SH KEYWORDS
command, event, execute, history, interpreter, record
