'\" @OSF_COPYRIGHT@
'\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
'\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
'\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (DCE).  See the file named COPYRIGHT.DCE for
'\" the full copyright text.
'\" 
'\" 
'\" HISTORY
'\" $Log: RegExp.3,v $
'\" Revision 1.1.6.2  1996/03/09  23:07:47  marty
'\" 	Update OSF copyright year
'\" 	[1996/03/09  22:26:22  marty]
'\"
'\" Revision 1.1.6.1  1995/12/08  21:30:06  root
'\" 	Submit OSF/DCE 1.2.1
'\" 	[1995/12/08  18:01:39  root]
'\" 
'\" Revision 1.1.4.2  1994/06/10  20:56:07  devsrc
'\" 	cr10872- fix copyright
'\" 	[1994/06/10  16:22:04  devsrc]
'\" 
'\" Revision 1.1.4.1  1994/06/08  15:44:27  rousseau
'\" 	Change comment leaders and headers.
'\" 	[1994/06/08  15:41:18  rousseau]
'\" 
'\" $EndLog$
'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1993 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /u0/rcs_trees/dce/rcs/admin/tcl7.3/doc/RegExp.3,v 1.1.6.2 1996/03/09 23:07:47 marty Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tcl_RegExpMatch tclc 7.0
.BS
.SH NAME
Tcl_RegExpMatch \- Test whether a string matches a regular expression
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tcl.h>\fR
.sp
int
\fBTcl_RegExpMatch\fR(\fIinterp\fR, \fIstring\fR, \fIregexp\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tcl_Interp *interp
.AP Tcl_Interp *interp in
Tcl interpreter to use for error reporting.
.AP char *string in
String to test.
.AP char *regexp in
Regular expression to match against \fIstring\fR.
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTcl_RegExpMatch\fR determines whether its \fIstring\fR argument
matches \fIregexp\fR, where \fIregexp\fR is interpreted
as a regular expression using the same rules as for the
\fBregexp\fR Tcl command.
If there is a match then \fBTcl_RegExpMatch\fR returns 1.
If there is no match then \fBTcl_RegExpMatch\fR returns 0.
If an error occurs in the matching process (e.g. \fIregexp\fR
is not a valid regular expression) then \fBTcl_RegExpMatch\fR
returns \-1 and leaves an error message in \fIinterp->result\fR.

.SH KEYWORDS
match, regular expression, string
