'\" @OSF_COPYRIGHT@
'\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
'\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
'\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (DCE).  See the file named COPYRIGHT.DCE for
'\" the full copyright text.
'\" 
'\" 
'\" HISTORY
'\" $Log: TildeSubst.3,v $
'\" Revision 1.1.6.2  1996/03/09  23:07:56  marty
'\" 	Update OSF copyright year
'\" 	[1996/03/09  22:26:27  marty]
'\"
'\" Revision 1.1.6.1  1995/12/08  21:30:24  root
'\" 	Submit OSF/DCE 1.2.1
'\" 	[1995/12/08  18:01:52  root]
'\" 
'\" Revision 1.1.4.2  1994/06/10  20:56:41  devsrc
'\" 	cr10872- fix copyright
'\" 	[1994/06/10  16:22:11  devsrc]
'\" 
'\" Revision 1.1.4.1  1994/06/08  15:44:37  rousseau
'\" 	Change comment leaders and headers.
'\" 	[1994/06/08  15:41:24  rousseau]
'\" 
'\" $EndLog$
'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1989-1993 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
'\" Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
'\" license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
'\" documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright
'\" notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.
'\"
'\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
'\" FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
'\" ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF
'\" CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
'\"
'\" THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
'\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
'\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
'\" ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO
'\" PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
'\" 
'\" $Header: /u0/rcs_trees/dce/rcs/admin/tcl7.3/doc/TildeSubst.3,v 1.1.6.2 1996/03/09 23:07:56 marty Exp $ SPRITE (Berkeley)
'\" 
.so man.macros
.HS Tcl_TildeSubst tclc 7.0
.BS
.SH NAME
Tcl_TildeSubst \- replace tilde with home directory in a file name
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tcl.h>\fR
.sp
char *
.VS
\fBTcl_TildeSubst\fR(\fIinterp\fR, \fIname\fR, \fIbufferPtr)
.VE
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tcl_DString *bufferPtr
.AP Tcl_Interp *interp in
Interpreter in which to report an error, if any.
.AP char *name in
File name, which may start with a ``~''.
.AP Tcl_DString *bufferPtr
.VS
If needed, this dynamic string is used to store the new file name.
At the time of the call it should be uninitialized or empty.  The
caller must eventually call \fBTcl_DStringFree\fR to free up
anything stored here.
.VE
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This utility procedure does tilde substition.  If \fIname\fR doesn't
start with a ``~'' character, then the procedure returns \fIname\fR.
If \fIname\fR does start with a tilde, then \fBTcl_TildeSubst\fR
returns a new string identical to \fIname\fR except that the first
element of \fIname\fR is replaced with the location of the home
directory for the given user.  The substitution is carried out in
the same way that it would be done by \fIcsh\fR.  If the tilde is
followed immediately by a slash, then the \fB$HOME\fR environment
variable is substituted.  Otherwise the characters between the
tilde and the next slash are taken as a user name, which is
looked up in the password file;  the user's home directory is
retrieved from the password file and substituted.
.PP
If
.VS
\fBTcl_TildeSubst\fR has to do tilde substitution then it uses
the dynamic string at \fI*bufferPtr\fR to hold the new string it
generates.  After \fBTcl_TildeSubst\fR returns, the caller must
eventually invoke \fBTcl_DStringFree\fR to free up any information
placed in \fI*bufferPtr\fR.  The caller need not know whether or
not \fBTcl_TildeSubst\fR actually used the string;  \fBTcl_TildeSubst\fR
initializes \fI*bufferPtr\fR even if it doesn't use it, so the call to
\fBTcl_DStringFree\fR will be safe in either case.
.VE
.PP
If an error occurs (e.g. because there was no user by the given
name) then NULL is returned and an error message will be left
at \fIinterp->result\fR.  It is assumed that \fIinterp->result\fR
has been initialized in the standard way when \fBTcl_TildeSubst\fR
is invoked.

.SH KEYWORDS
file name, home directory, tilde, user
