
			MESSAGE ORIENTED SERVICES

Copyright (C) 1996, The Open Group

This software, in both binary and source code form, ("Software") is
copyrighted by The Open Group and ownership remains with The Open Group.

The Open Group grants you ("Licensee") a license to use the Software for
non-commercial purposes, i.e., academic, research and internal business
purposes only, without a fee. Licensee may distribute the binary and source
code (if released) to third parties provided that (1) The Open Group's
copyright notice and this license agreement appear in their entirety on all
copies of the Software or derivative works thereof, (2) the Software and
derivative works thereof are provided at no charge, and (3) The Open Group
is publicly and prominently acknowledged as the original source of this
Software.

Licensee may make derivative works for non-commercial use, only.  However,
if Licensee distributes any derivative work based on or derived from the
Software, then Licensee will (1) notify The Open Group regarding its
distribution of the derivative work, (2) clearly notify users that such
derivative work is a modified version and not the original Software
distributed by The Open Group, and of the date of such modification, (3)
publicly and prominently acknowledge The Open Group as the original source
of this Software and (4) provide the Software at no charge.

Any Licensee wishing to make commercial use of the Software must contact The
Open Group to negotiate an appropriate license for such commercial use.
Commercial use includes (1) integration of all or part of the source code or
derivative work thereof into a product for sale or license by or on behalf
of Licensee to third parties, or (2) distribution of the binary code or
source code to third parties that need it to utilize a commercial product
sold or licensed by or on behalf of Licensee.

The Open Group makes no representations about the serviceability of this
Software for any purpose, and no support of any kind will be provided.  THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE..  The Open Group shall not be liable for any damages
suffered by the users of this Software to the extent allowed by law.

By using or copying this Software, Licensee agrees to abide by the copyright
laws as well as all other applicable laws of the U.S.including, but not
limited to, export control laws, confidentiality and the other provisions of
this license.

The The Open Group shall have the right to terminate this license
immediately by written notice upon Licensee's breach of, or non-compliance
with, any of its terms.  Licensee may be held legally responsible for any
copyright infringement by a third party that is caused or encouraged by
Licensee's failure to abide by the terms of this license.

