Striver is the driver for a test harness that provides a
semi-automated framework for testing filesystems. It provides support
for setting up the filesystem environment, and running and analysing
results of various loads.

OVERVIEW

Both local (Episode currently) and DFS filesystems are supported. For
DFS, it can currently invoke tests only on the machine from which the
harness driver is invoked.  Support for truly distributed testing is
planned for the future.

The setup phase of the harness will create a filesystem environment
according to your specifications e.g. given device names, fileset
names, fileset mount points, it will format the device, attach
aggregate, create necessary filesets, mount filesets and create any
specified directories in each fileset.

The other phase of the harness runs various tests/loads specified.
Currently the loads supported by the harness are:
	Connect-a-thon
	AIM III benchmark
	GCC compilation
	Posix Conformance Test Suite
	Fileset clone/reclone test 
It is quite easy to add additional tests/loads into the framework as
there is a standard interface that a load driver can take advantage
of.  However, it is beyond the scope of this document to describe how
to add additional loads into framework.  Such a document is planned
for the future. In the meantime if you want to add a load into the
framework, contact Rajesh for details.

USAGE

To use the harness, you need to create a configuration file that
describes the filesystem environment and the loads to be run. The
format of the configuation file is specified in
README.configFileFormat. Sample configuration files are present in cf
sub-directory.

Having created the configuration file, issue the command

	perl striver.pl <config-file>

Brief information about whats happening will be printed on stdout. Details
can be found in the log files, location of which will be printed on stdout.

You can use the harness to create the filesystem environment only
by issuing
	perl striver.pl <config-file> -setuponly

To specify an explicit log directory, add the following to the striver
invocation command 
	- logdir <log-dir>.




